RTO (recovery time objective) and RPO (recovery point objective) are important key metrics when devolping a DR plan. 
RTO represents the time (hours) it takes to return to a working state after a given disaster. 
RPO represents how much data you could lose when a disaster happens, also expressed in hours.
The RDS Multi-AZ configuration is the recommended approach for production environments 
due to its ability to support low RTO (recovery time objective) and RPO (recovery point objective) requirements. 
In a single AZ instance RTO can vary from minutes to hours and RPO is typically 5 minutes.
On the other hand, in a multi AZ instance, RPO is is zero and RTO is under 30 minutes.

Minimum RTO for a single AZ outage:

A single AZ outage represents our application/database is running only in Canada (central) region and
ca-central-1 AZ. In this case, the worst possible, if the AZ or even the region fails, the appication will 
be without service and our business will be out of production.

A single AZ, but two regions is a second stage of recoverability where the application has a redundance in a
different region. In our case, Canada and Ohio (US-east) are set as the regions of our database.

Minimum RTO for a single region outage

In this configuration, a single region and single AZ is the same case as stated above. Nevertheless,
with multiples AZ, if the region is with high availability and only an AZ is down, we can maintain the 
application without issues.

In the application of this project, it would be the use of only ca-central-1 or us-east-1 as Region 1
or Region 2. If one region is down and we do not have the other set, the application will be offline.

Minimum RPO for a single AZ outage

Considering the RPO in a single AZ outage, the risk is huge. Working with only ca-central-1 or us-east-1,
without another region the data stored can be lost.

Minimum RPO for a single region outage

In this case, it is a better situation. In our project, the region US East (Ohio) has some AZ that improve
the recoverability of the application.
